stop flying on Christmas you can stand
this on TV around the world
and time again I'm never playing like
the festering in the lead and when you
were growing up the vultures to play
every year on Christmas Day
yes that's when we had some games at
home a lot of games at home because of
Mike but in those days are over
you got start from somewhere and we just
love to play what makes this the best
arena you think I think the fans here
are our lawyers to their team they've
been doing a great job this year it was
supporting them and coming in and cheer
for how good the more very good I think
that we're gonna have to control them
with the team defense the one person
just can't stay home make sure they see
a lot of bodies their time consists of
all how much better do you think nutria
Johnson first time you're wrong they're
very good or they want to games saying
that they're one the more games last
year I'll say so you got to go out there
watching no pet passing the ball a lot
better shooting the ball and that's
where they hurt you I'm you know
obviously they had to do one of your
home real well do you think this has a
chance again they're for the Knicks and
poles to be really good rifle
so we're I think I'm right we but this
thing right here that they have they
have a good team you know get young team
where this dude comes around if you go
to hell for a long time obviously you
guys miss Jill every game but especially
in the game what got smart when you're
facing a guy like mine yeah Joe Gibbs
does a lot of energy special defense on
this make shake contested shot
especially well for he's gonna be a lot
of touches so you gonna need somebody in
front of him the whole time especially
with no heat you guys left speed and
stuff like this so it's gonna hurt us
but I think like I said we just gotta
put your travel on control over the team
we just can't leave one person out there
I'll stick you do anything fun up you're
gonna get me something to eat here today
prior go shot for today but other than
that I'm gonna roll in focus
you guys they want to play good defense
down let me breathe but odds that place
to the strengths and how much
there's gonna be a fun game I said where
we're gonna be looking for our defense
to win the game whoever run Charlie get
lost stops I tried get out and run I
think that we jump on them that it could
set the tone for the game especially in
early game like that so that's what
we're gonna try to I never thought about
playing on Christmas out so I just
thought about playing in the NBA
our real goal like thinking about
knowledge you're like man I can't wait
to play on Christmas Parker says on
behind on Christmas I remember the first
two years I was at home or going to
someone I'm like going the place on what
then the next day like being at
Christmas in Chicago then Glaus or the
play the next day it's a haunting to be
plant every fight and one of the best
awareness in the world what do you think
about your team at the league we're on
the rise where we're getting noticed but
we still have to have of our business
knowing that this is still very
important and you go out there play hard
in the game 16 you know particularly
early we're on the walk the line
I saw whole thing is just surround them
off the line making sure that come back
into the play after we do it because we
have to make we drive
left stare on the street trees but we've
just got to make sure that somebody's
right there at all times so they won't
have confidence new sneekly edition
coming out tomorrow awesome I really
like wearing these because we lost less
now we will out warm and my game away
right after the game so I'll probably
change out probably I have huh